README.md, before:

# Module 5 Challenge: Password Generator

## Description
 
The bootcamp challenge for this week was to create an application that an employee can use to generate a random password based on criteria they’ve selected by modifying starter code. 

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

To use code, you can review the javascript file above. To view the result of the code, you need to view them directly on the live web page by opening the Chrome DevTools by pressing Command+Option+I (macOS) or Control+Shift+I (Windows). A console panel should open either below or to the side of the webpage in the browser. There you will see the result of the code.

You can find the link to the deployed live webpage here: 
https://tala-ammoun.github.io/Module5Challenge/


You can access the link using the following steps:

### Step 1
![How to find the live link.](assets/Screenshot1.jpg)


### Step 2
![How to find the live link.](assets/Screenshot2.jpg)

## Credits

N/A 

## License

Licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

limited the password to characters between 10 and 64 numbers, and added screenshots to the read.me file of the end result

README.md, after:

# Random Password Generator

## Description
 
This is an application that an employee can use to generate a random password based on criteria they’ve selected such as number of characters, whether they would like to add numbers, and whether they would like to have uppercase and lowercase letters. 

## Installation

You can install this app by cloning the GitHub repository to your local computer. Copy the HTTPS link found under the “code” tab. Open Git Bash and run the command “git clone” then pasting the GitHub link. Run the command “code .” to open the files in VS Code. 

## Usage

To use code, you can review the javascript file above. To view the result of the code, you need to view them directly on the live web page by opening the Chrome DevTools by pressing Command+Option+I (macOS) or Control+Shift+I (Windows). A console panel should open either below or to the side of the webpage in the browser. There you will see the result of the code.

You can find the link to the deployed live webpage here: 
https://tala-ammoun.github.io/Random-Password-Generator/


## End Result
![Initial window prompt.](assets/pic1.jpg)


### Step 2
![Password Generated.](assets/pic2.jpg)

## Credits

N/A 

## License

Licensed under the MIT license.
